The SYSTEM
----------
The SYSTEM allows remote services to outsource authentication
of its users to a centralized authority - the SYSTEM.

Design Considerations
---------------------
The SYSTEM allows an authentication client ("service") to associate
a local "identifier" (e.g. a session or any method of identifying 
individuals across requests) with a unique user and specific information 
about that user ("attributes"), without having to implement local 
authentication measures or being required to store the attributes locally 
(though that might be beneficial for some applications).

Upon first use of a service, the user is presented with a review of
which attributes the service requested and asked to authorize acess
by the service ("association").
Associations persist across identifiers can thus be reused (auto sig-non).
The user can revoke associations at any time in the management interface.

Communication between the SYSTEM and the service is authenticated by a
pre-shared user/secret pair and may optionally be protected by TLS.

Authentication Protocol
-----------------------
The service refers the user to the SYSTEM verification endpoint, passing
its service handle, an identifier of its choice and a comma-separated list 
of requested attributes as GET parameters.

Example URL:
	https://account.kitinfo.de/verify/	|	Endpoint
	?service=demo				|	Service Handle
	&ident=sess_42				|	Session Identifier
	&req=username				|	Requested Attributes

The SYSTEM will then authenticate the user against its database, and if
no active association for the requesting service exists, require the users
confirmation for creating one.

Having found an active association, the SYSTEM will perform a HTTP POST request 
against the requesting services endpoint, identifying itself with the
pre-shared user/password pair in HTTP Basic Authentication. The request contains
the requested attributes (as confirmed by the user) as well as a session token as
POSTDATA parameters.

The token is computed as the sha256 hash of the concatenation of the provided 
session identifier and the pre-shared service password.

The user is finally redirected to the specified service redirect target.

Setting up a service
--------------------
Log on to your SYSTEM account. The management panel contains an interface
for the registration of remote services. Provide the requested information.

	Handle
		The unique shorthand indentifier for your service

	Endpoint
		The authentication endpoint to be called for your service

	Redirect
		Where to send the user after successfully authenticating
		and confirming to use your service

	Protocol
		Authentication protocol to use with your endpoint -
		currently not selectable

Upon submission of the data, the service credentials are shown ONCE and must
immediately be set up with the service.

Closing Remarks
---------------
Please consider that this protocol has not been audited in any regard, neither
in aspects of cryptographic security nor efficiency or any other criteria. 
Should you plan on using the protocol for any application requiring a great deal 
of safety and/or security, please have it audited first and inform the authors of 
the results.
